
=== README

Starting with release 2.99_01, I (Mark Overmeer) try to revive the
module.  The original author David Kernen cannot be reached and didn't
release any fixes in four years.  That is far too long.

The code and installation procedure has been cleaned-up radically,

 and some minimal improvements in the code are made to
fix things people reported.

=== wishlist:

- A start was made in cleanup of the code in Mail/IMAPClient.pm
  The file Mail/IMAPClient-cleanup shows the progress (30%)
  But I lack the time (a weeks work at least) to complete this
  task.  There is a lot of code replication to be stripped.
  If anyone buys me time, I will complete that task.

=== wishlist from the original author:

The following is a list of some items that I hope to include in a future 
release:

- Support for threaded perl programs (still pending as of version 2.2.0.).

- Support for imaps (Imap via SSL). I don't have any way to test this
  right now but if you get this to work or know someone who has I'd be
  really interested in hearing from you.

- Support for more authentication mechanisms. Currently plain
  authentication and cram-md5 authentication are supported. I have
  DIGEST-MD5 working at the AUTH qop, but haven't incorporated it into
  a released version because I'm still trying to get at least the
  integrity qop working, and maybe even privacy, but considering how
  much trouble I'm having with just the integrity level I wouldn't
  hold my breath if I were you ;-).

- Currently a number of IMAP Client commands are implemented using the 
  'default method', which is an AUTOLOAD hack. I'd like to reduce that
  if possible to a bare minimum. (Some are still pending as of version 2.2.7.)

- I'd like to see this module certified for more OS's and more IMAP servers. 
  This is (hopefully) just a matter of testing; the code should already
  be compatible with the IMAP servers that are out there and with any OS
  that allows the IO::Socket module to work. ** A number of platforms
  have been added to the list of tested platforms since this was first
  written. Please contact DJKernen@cpan.org if you have any to add.

- Support for newer/older/other versions of IMAP. Currently only RFC2060 is 
  explicitly supported, although thanks to the 'default method'
  (implemented via an AUTOLOAD hack) virtually any IMAP command is
  supported, even proprietary commands, X- extensions, and so forth. But
  not necessarily other authentication mechanisms... :-( (NOTE: the
  AUTHENTICATE method partially addresses this issue.)

- Support for piping output from (some?) imap commands directly to a 
  thingy of some sort (perhaps a coderef, a filehandle, or both). 

- Your thingy here!!! Send me your request, and I'll do it in the order of 
  ($popularity/$difficulty ).

- Support for perl version 6. This will probably involve a rewrite that
  will make portions of the Mail::IMAPClient module look more like the
  Mail::IMAPClient::BodyStructure module. (Perl 6 will have built-in
  support for semantics that look remarkably like Damian Conway's
  Parse::RecDescent module, which will solve a lot of problems for me.)
