Mail::IMAPClient Installation

The Mail::IMAPClient is written entirely in Perl, so it should install
on any reasonably recent version of Perl. See the README file for a perl
one-liner that you can run to verify that your perl has what it takes
to run Mail::IMAPClient.

The installation is standard:

 0) cd to installation directory
 1) perl Makefile.PL (and reply to the prompts)
 2) make             (optional)
 3) make test        (optional)
 4) make install 				

The 'make install' and 'make test' will both do step 2 ('make') if you
haven't done it already. Currently the test script is lame (although
not as lame as in the last release!)  but I hope to incorporate more
thorough testing in a future version. You should at least try it and
let me know if your tests fail.

Version 1.0 changed the installation script so that it reuses the
parameter file for the tests if it finds one. Installation can be run in
the background if the test.txt file exists. Touching it is good enough
to prevent prompts; having a correctly formatted version (as shown in
test_template.txt) is even better, as it will allow you to do a thorough
'make test'. Invalid data in test.txt (either from precreating it or from
responding inaccurately to prompts) will cause 'make test' to report 'not
ok' results but won't break anything important (like the IMAPClient.pm
file, or your car).

If you have tests that fail it may be more illuminating to run the
tests by hand. IE: perl -I./blib/lib t/basic.t from the installation
dir will pinpoint the failing test.  Better yet, supply an argument to
basic/t (any 'true' argument will do; I use '1') to turn on debugging,
which will be placed in your installation directory in 'imap1.debug'
and 'imap2.debug'.  E-mail me the results.

If you don't have a test.txt file in your installation directory then you
will have to answer at least one prompt. If you do have a test.txt file,
and you run 'make clean', then you won't have a test.txt file anymore,
so take precautions.

If you do have a test.txt file and you don't run 'make clean' then
a text file will be sitting around containing logon credentials, so,
again, take precautions. (It's just a test account anyway, right?)

If, when replying to the "perl Makefile.PL" prompts, you supply server,
id, and password credentials for an id that has a ridiculously huge number
of folders and subfolders then the 'make test' may run approximately
forever. Next time try an id with less stuff.

For examples on using Mail::IMAPClient, check out the examples
subdirectory. If you have better examples, then why haven't you e-mailed
them to me? Also, I totally recommend that you have a copy of RFC2060
handy when using this module, since the documentation for this module is
meant to compliment, not replace, RFC2060. In fact, I am so convinced that
you'll need the RFC that I've included a copy of it in the distribution,
under the "docs/" subdirectory. It's a smashing good read so have at
it. Other IMAP related rfcs are there as well.

One of the examples in the examples/ subdirectory is called
cleanTest.pl. If you find your 'make test' has had trouble and left some
folders named "IMAPClient_*" in your test account, you can run this
example to clean up the account. But probably only after you've fixed
any problems encountered with 'make test'!

This module uses Damian Conway's excellent Parse::RecDescent module
for some advanced features. If you don't have that module installed
then you can still install Mail::IMAPClient but you won't have the
full functionality. If you have Parse::RecDescent installed and then
upgrade it, you may find that some features in Mail::IMAPClient suddenly
start throwing compile-time errors. Just 'make clean' and then 'make',
'make test', and 'make install'. This happens because grammers compiled
under older releases of Parse::RecDescent are sometimes incompatible
with newer Parse::RecDescent runtime engines. This would never be a
problem if Mail::IMAPClient recompiled grammers at run time, but for
performance reasons it precompiles them at install time. TANSTAAFL.

Now go and write IMAP clients.

Dave Kernen
